4.x Scenario x 
Manuel asks his friend Fred if he wants to join him for dinner  this evening at his place. Unfortunately
Fred's car is blocked by a vehicle parked in front of his garage. He has noticed that car has been there several days in the past months.
Since Fred works near his house, he goes to work by bike, but his friend lives far from his house, so he can't get there without 
his car.
So Fred decides to download SafeStreets app on his smartphone.
He provides all the information required to the system in order to sign up; then he logs in and sends a notification to the authorities.
One hour before leaving he notices that the car has been removed. From that day on the car owner stopped parking there.
4.x+1 Scenario x+1
Today in Milan there are lot of violations and the authorities can't check every one of them. After some time, the violations not assigned lose their priority 
and go down in the assignment list. Agent Carlo usually checks the areas between Milano Piola and Milano Lambrate.
Lots of violations are notified by users in those areas. However, by the time he finishes checking some violations, other become less 
visible due to the great amount of notifications. When different users notify a violation concerning a license plate in the same area,
this one becomes more visible in the assignement list. Thanks to this feature, Carlo is able to first address issues affecting more people.
4.x+2 Negative Use Scenario 1
Fernand got his car fined after having parked in a forbidden area. He has been doing it for years, but now he notices that people in that area started
using SafeStreets app and thinks that he was fined because of it instead of his behaviour. He decides to "take revenge" subscribing to the app and sending
 several false notifications. Since he has send several random photos without any visible licence plate,
the system signs the assignments given by Fernand account as "possibly unsafe". After that some agents have checked that no violation is actually in any of 
the photos sent to the system, his account gets blocked and Fernand can no longer interfere with the normal activities of authorities using
the app. After being blocked, Fernand stops complaining about the app and a week later he finds a parking area to replace his former parking spot. 